Now that we're able to dismiss the modal let's enable ourselves to pass some data to the mold which
we can display here back in the editor in the favorites page where we view the mole we can pass data
to the model as a second argument and the create method here on the modal controller here.
We can pass any data just like with push on the nav controller.
So the data we can pass here or we want to pass your of course to quote We're getting as an argument
here.
The quote We clicked on that quote quote this past us de-selected code to the mole.
Now in the mole We of course somehow want to access this data.
How do we do it.
The cool thing is just like we ex-state when we get data why the push method wya neth parents.
This doesn't change.
So even though it's not loaded enough controller we still get the data from Neph parents make for sure
to add to import from ionic angler.
And then with that we can retrieve the data.
Now of course the question again is when should you retrieve the data.
Now let's try out iron view debt load.
So when the page was created let's try to extract the data here.
I will store the quote data you're in let's say in two properties just to mix it up to have a separate
offer property and a text property or name a person to be in line with the codes object.
And then here I could say this person equals this naff parents and then get person remember the data
we get here simply is the quote and the quote has a person and a text property and I.D. but we don't
need that here.
So we get the person here and for text.
Well we get the text with data and go to our aged team file and let's output the person in the title
and the text here in the content.
Let me save this and see if it works as intended.
In the running application.
So let's again add a quote to our favorites.
Click on the quote and here we are.
So the important takeaway here is that if you all I interviewed did load to your quote page.
It is called.
Now you could think that it gets not that it doesn't get cold because it's not added through the nav
controller with push to the stack of pages but the mobile overlay is the top most page view.
Therefore by Ironic too it's kind of treated like a page loaded fruity nav controller even though technically
and this is important it's not loaded with.
We have obviously loaded for the modal control but it is created in a similar way because I want it
to correctly decides well in the end.
It is the page you're viewing no matter if it's the top most page on my stack of pages or an overlay
to that topmost page.
This is why I you did load gets executed.
And let's also check if it correctly displays a number quote.
So now that I have two quotes here we see Theodore Roosevelt.
Now let's also check the quote.
Looks good.
So the modal object here is not cached.
It is re-iterated.
And if there was not the case we would not see a changed person in text because I included load is only
executed if we're not getting this page from the cache.
So this works as intended.
Now the next thing to hook up or to make work of course is this.
And favorite but here we should for one all too close to more.
But then as a second step also well remove this quote from our favorite quotes.
Let's do this next